Look at your patient.
The therapist acts as a mirror to the patient
who can feel their own weight,
their electromagnetic level.
At the atomic level,
it's a vibration that arrives as a sensation.
focus on the person's electromagnetic level
know that the body's electricity is related to the thyroid
at 7 years old
the thyroid is functional
electrically
the word
is carried
but it's not a
word, ultimately it's a frequency. This means that the thyroid electrifies
the
word. Look at what you perceive. The electromagnetic level can express or express an excess of mentality. It can make you too mental. Now focus on the formless level, atomos, without form. It's an energy level.
I will try to make a sound.
The therapist who conceives these energies becomes the mirror of the other.
You have to be a transparent mirror.
transparent. Be transparent. We don't know how to be the guide
in the other's path.
We can help them in their transformation by becoming aware of their functional energy plan.
This means that any manipulation can be a pure energy transformation.
It is done on the right plane.
The therapist uses their own body.
their own consciousness, to help the other find their way.
In conclusion, gravity is putting man in the Earth.
Electromagnetism is putting man in his body.
The atomic level is putting man in his energy.
And light is putting man in his function.
Every time someone consults you on a physical level,
you can already do this aspecific work,
a somewhat particular work, since it brings back to the creative plane.
But always do this outside of your will, you look at it, do it
when people talk to you, what I see of the other is me or
its opposite, but rarely the reality that represents the movement, of the energy that
is always changing, in motion, it's like a meditation.
Now therapists, you will let 120 come to you.
will a word, or a look, or a gesture that you will give to the other in
simplicity.
The word that maybe the other needs, the
gesture that maybe they need, the look
that maybe they need.
Let it come to yourself, like a sentence, intuitare, let
the information enter within oneself.
the information.
and let something beyond come to you, I call it the cosmic sentence